# Computer-Science-I-Homeworks
Homeworks from the book "An Introduction to Programming C++, 7th Edition" by Diane Zak

## Chapter 4 - Exercise 12

A concert hall has three seating categories: Orchestra, Main floor, and Balcony.  Orchestra seats are $25.  Main floor seats are $30, and Balcony seats are $15.  The manager wants a program that allows him to enter the number of tickets sold in each seating category.  The program should calculate and display the amount of revenue generated by each seating category, as well as the total revenue.

## Chapter 4 - Exercise 14

The payroll clerk at Cartwright Industries wants a program that displays an employee’s weekly net pay. The clerk will enter the employee’s weekly gross pay.  From the gross pay, the program will need to subtract the appropriate federal and state taxes. Use 20% as the FWT rate, 8% as the FICA tax rate, and 4% as the state income tax rate. First, create an IPO chart for the problem, and then desk-check the algorithm twice using $500 and $235.50 as the weekly gross pay. After desk-checking the algorithm, list the input, processing, and output items in a chart and then enter the appropriate C++ declaration statements.

## Chapter 5 - Exercise 13

Allenton Water Department wants a program that calculates a customer’s monthly water bill. The clerk will enter the current and previous meter readings. The program should calculate and display the number of gallons of water used and the total charge for the water.  The charge for the water is $7 per 1000 gallons. However, there is a minimum charge of $16.67. 

## Chapter 6 - Exercise 16

Create a program that adds, subtracts, multiplies, or divides two integers. The program will need to get a letter (A for addition, S for subtraction, M for multiplication, or D for division) and two integers from the user. If the user enters and invalid letter, the program should not ask the user for the two integers. Instead, it should display an appropriate error message before the program ends.

## Chapter 7 - Exercise 34

Create a program for the sales manager at Computer Haven, a small business that offers motivational seminars to local companies. The charge per person depends on the number of people the company registers. For example, the cost for four registrants is $400; the cost for two registrants is $300. The program should allow the sales manager to enter the number of registrants for as many companies as needed. When the sales manager has finished entering the data, the program should calculate and display the total number of people registered, the total charge for those registrants, and the average charge per registrant.

## Chapter 8 - Exercise 23

The payroll manager at Kenton Incorporated wants a program that allows him to enter an unknown number of payroll amounts for each of three stores: Store 1, Store 2, and Store 3. The program should calculate the total payroll and then display the result on the screen.

## Chapter 9 - Exercise 23

Create a program that calculates the average of three test scores. The program should contain threee value-returning functions: `main`, `getTestScore`, and `calcAverage`. The `main` function should call the `getTestScore` function to get and return each of three test scores. The test scores may contain a decimal place. The `main` function should then call the `calcAverage` function to calculate and return the average of three test scores. When the `calcAverage` function has completed its task, the `main` function should display the average on the screen. Display the average with one decimal place.

## Chapter 10 - Exercise 15

Create a program that displays a multiplication of a given multiplicand. The program should use a void function to display the multiplication table.
